Platinum: 

Halo Wars - Runs perfectly out of the box. No issues with skirmish or online
multiplayer. 

Risk of Rain 2 - Runs fairly well for an early access game. Framerate dips a
bit in very hectic fights and crashed on exit (requiring sig kill), but no
issues in single player so far. 

Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice - Runs perfectly out of the box. Getting a near
locked 60 FPS at 1440p on high settings.

Mushihimesame - Runs perfectly out of the box, no configuration needed. No
framerate drops nor visual glitches. Supported my arcade stick natively with no
issues. 

Wolfenstein: The New Order - Runs at a locked 60 FPS out of the box
on Ultra settings. Had a few minor issues with lockups, but that seemed to
resolve itself on reboot.  

Dark Souls III - Runs perfectly out of the box with the Steam controller. Still
got my butt handed to me by Index Gundyr. 

Call of Juarez Gunslinger - No issues out of the box on first playthrough, but
updating drivers and proton versions seemed to cause audio distortion. Will be
Platinum for now since it was working fine before updates. 

Dying Light - Had some issues with OBS hurting framerate a lot, but once I
tweaked settings, it ran incredibly well. Looks and plays great and online
multiplayer works with no issues too. 

Downwell - Has some flickering issues when restarting the
level, but runs perfectly otherwise.

Gold:

Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen - Fairly mediocre performance out of the box, but
can be fixed with d9vk. After that, runs at a smooth framerate with an
infrequent stutter. Sometimes has graphical glitches when alt-tabbing. No other
issues noticed.  

Bright Memory - has some minor performance drops occasionally,
but still very playable most of the time at 60 FPS. 

Blood: Fresh Supply - has some stuttering for the first few minutes of
gameplay. Eventually, the stutter goes away after a few minutes of play (maybe
a shader caching issue?) Plays great after that. 

RAGE 2 - has random crashes in the menu, but this is fixed by enabling v-sync
and borderless windowed mode. After that, the game plays incredibly well,
running at a near locked 60 FPS. No issues otherwise. (Edit: Disabling a-sync
compute can be done instead of running v-sync and borderless windowed, thought
it does have a slight impact on performance.)

Wolfenstein: The New Colossus - Runs exceptionally well out of the box (~90 FPS
on Ultra settings). Had some issues with texture artifacting and audio
crackling. Overall pleasant experience.  

Prey - Runs exceptionally well, but has some weird visual artifacts (such as
white flickering on Alex Yu's hair). Not super distracting, but does hamper
immersion factor. 

Binary Domain - Robots exploding has a minor impact on framerate, but only by a
few FPS. Some minor framerate drops here and there in combat, but pretty
smooth. 

Super House of Dead Ninjas - Has some performance drops every now and then, but
runs great otherwise. 

Silver: 

Age of Empires 3 - Winetricks is needed to enter in the product key, otherwise
it complains about missing PID (see ProtonDB for specifics). Sound sometimes
cuts out after playing for a while and I have issues playing online. 

The Evil Within - Performance is mostly fine and controls rather well, but
sound is completely missing until you add in xaudio libraries in the
wineconfig. 

Homefront: The Revolution - Performance is fine, but has some major graphical
issues. I've noticed missing ground and NPC textures. 

ECHO - game itself runs at a very nice performance with no obvious graphical issues.
However, the cutscenes don't play in-game, so the story becomes very hard to follow. 

Borderlands 2 - Running on Proton to use the UHD texture pack. Needed to rename
the Launcher.exe file and symlink Borderlands2.exe as Launcher.exe. Performs
mostly fine (there are some dips) and there are the occasional broken textures
(such as bodies of water). 

Blur - Maxed out Anti-Aliasing breaks the game, as models fail to render.
Turning it off fixed that issue. Has some performance issues with drops down to
~40 FPS. 

Monster Hunter World - Significant performance hit (30-40%) running in Proton
over native Windows 10. Despite lowering many advanced settings and enabling
adaptive resolution, still doesn't get to a locked 60 FPS.

Warframe - Need to rename launcher.exe or else you get an infinite loop on
update. NPC audio doesn't work, but performance is fine. 

Bronze: 


Dark Souls: Remastered - Frequently crashes after character
creation screen. Sometimes I can progress past it, other times it crashes to
desktop. Tried installing vcrun2017 and remivung MovWW folder

Nioh - lots of tweaks are needed to get it to run. I've done as follows:
1). Disable Esync in launch options
2). Forced Large Address Aware in launch options (PROTON_FORCE_LARGE_ADDRESS_AWARE=1)
3). Created a config file in my home directory (nioh.conf) with the line: dxgi.deferSurfaceCreation = True
4). Added the launch command: DXVK_CONFIG_FILE="/home/your_username/nioh.conf" %command%
(The complete string should be: 
PROTON_NO_ESYNC=1 PROTON_FORCE_LARGE_ADDRESS_AWARE=1 DXVK_CONFIG_FILE="/home/your_username/nioh.conf" %command%)
5). Changed fullscreen to borderless windowed in the launcher (Fullscreen breaks the game for me). 

Once all of that is done, the game loads into the main menu (the cinematic
fails to render, I'd imagine this is an issue common to all pre-rendered
cutscenes) and plays fine in-game.

EDIT: Past the intro level in England, the game crashes a significant amount. 

Borked: 

Shadows: Awakening - Stuck at black screen on launch. No audio and game is not responsive to input. 

